We'll take a picture like this.
I'll make sure you two look great. Okay.
All right.
But why would you take a picture with
her and not your wife?
I have a feeling...
that this is the last day.
I don't think I'll get to see her again.
Can I get your autograph here?
Thank you, sir.
(From Sa Jin Jin. Good luck!)
Thank you.
I've fulfilled my dream.
- Thank you. - You did well.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
Thank you.
You did great today.
Your names are on the top
ten portal search rankings.
Well done.
Ms. Im!
I reserved a restaurant in Sangam.
- Get ready for dinner.
- Yes, I'll tell the others.
- Thank you. - Your welcome.
- Is there a company dinner? - Yes.
The producers and writers have
gone through a lot to cast you guys.
We're going to get pork and soju.
If you two have time, you should join us.
Today, we have...
- I will. - Great.
It'll be great.
Do you drink?
Do you need anything? Do you need anything?
Mr. 18D.
Do you need something?
Sir, I think you're confused.
The bell is not here. It's up there.
What did he do?
What's wrong with him?
If you ever feel confused again, do call me.
Then, I will break your wrist.
What is wrong with that jerk?
Or I could call the police for aviation security reasons.
Thank you.
Do you know why I always sit up front?
To run over whenever you're in trouble.
Flight attendants like us need to be kind,
but let's not put up with injustice.
At least not our team.
Serve people as best as we can,
and if there's a problem, call me right away, okay?
- Okay. - Okay.
- You were way cool. - Was I?
Did I sound like a sheep? I was so nervous.
- You sounded fine. - I loved it.
One of the passengers asked me to give you this.
Who's it from?
(I'm watching!)
Who are you?
You dropped something.
- It's not mine. - I see.
Touch me, and I bite.
What a jerk.
Get going.
No, I'll stay.
You'll have to stand guard without drinking yourself.
Go home.
- Remember your post-drama dinner? - Just this once.
Mi Dal, didn't your dad's part-timer not show up?
You can't eavesdrop on other people's conversations.
Your voice is hard to ignore.
Hong Hee, take her to her dad's shop.
I have to go. Bye.
- Jin Jin. - Jin Jin.
Bye. See you. Take care.
To the Candy Couple.
- Cheers. - Cheers.
Let's make this a hit.
We cast the perfect couple.
- They're adorable. - They are.
You can hold your drink.
Thank you.
Jin Jin.
Let's make it a hit...
and keep going until the 10th season.
- How about another shot? - Shall we?
Another shot.
Drink all you want.
Eat up.
It was a long day today.
- Cheers. - Drink up.
That's great!
We haven't had a drink in ages.
Can we have some more soju?
You too.
- Come on. - It's fine.
Fill my glass, will you?
- Cheers. - You need to eat as well.
We should get more meat.
There's nothing to eat.
Mr. Director.
We're low on meat.
Have another drink.
Let me pour you one.
Let's drink.
- Cheers. - Cheers.
I'm getting drunk.
I'm getting drunk already.
- You should eat. - Here you go.
- Thank you. - It's fine.
I think I'll get drunk before you do.
You've had enough. What's wrong with you?
I'll pour you one.
- Ms. Writer. - Shall we order more meat?
Order as much as you want.
- Hey, our writer's drunk. - Is she really?
- No, no. - I think you're drunk.
Go, and sleep at home.
- I want more. - More?
- Cheers. - Okay, okay.
Haven't you had enough?
- Are you okay? - Yes.
You can drink a lot. You had two bottles.
What about you? You're sick. You need to rest.
I'm fine.
Thanks to you.
What's your wish?
- My wish? - You took my drinks.
What shall I do for you? Do you want something?
- I got so much over the years. - From me?
You gave me so many memories.
Your songs, your photos,
your TV appearances, going to see you, and waiting.
They were all memories.
It's true.
Do you remember the fan meeting in 2000?
In the summer?
On Christmas.
It was our first and last fan meeting.
You sang carols for us, and it snowed too.
It was so romantic.
Your third album concert.
Terius kissed your cheek because you were so cute.
I remember that.
It rained so much that day.
I didn't feel cold during the concert,
but I started to shiver as soon as it was over.
I had some fishcakes afterwards. Yet another memory.
- What about now? - What?
Your wish.
Not then, but now.
The present is more important.
My wish is that...
you sleep well and take that.
Come with me. I'll drop you off.
I'll take the next taxi.
As you can see, I'm sober.
- I can't do that. - You said you'd grant me a wish.
I changed my mind.
I'll grant your wish next time.
I'll take the next taxi.
Bye.
Drive her safely. Bye.
(Cold medicine)
From Sa Jin Jin, representing the Candies.
Mi Dal.
- Where are you? - On my way home.
I'll come over. My dad just closed up.
It's fine.
Mi Dal.
I'm in such a good mood.
That means you're incredibly drunk.
Where are you?
I'm on my way home.
My home sweet home.
Welcome to Busan. Where are you? Join us.
I'm in Seoul. We had a quick turn.
We took the same plane back.
- Did you? - Bye.
Too bad. You're missing out.
I could've taken you to some famous eateries.
Pork noodle soup, milmyeon, nakgobsae,
eel, and grilled clams.
- You just love to eat. - Where are you?
Where do you think? In Haeundae.
- Don't you hear the seagulls? - I do.
My bus is here. Bye.
Enjoy Haeundae.
(Gimhae International Airport)
Sa Jin Jin.
This is so pretty.
Ji Won.
Yes?
Do you know what the cosmos flower means?
Not what it actually means.
The meaning my sister made up.
"I love you."
- Ji Won. - Hey.
I got the ice cream.
Did you make it?
It took you four hours.
Hey.
I'm late.
Breakfast's ready. Can't you eat?
I can't.
Have some breakfast.
How is work?
Fine.
Are your colleagues good to you?
Yes.
Did you skip breakfast?
I got this yesterday.
Pastries like this aren't that great.
You eat it.
It's fine.
See you later.
Sorry, excuse me. Sorry.
Sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I dozed off and missed the stop...
- Let's go. - Okay.
- Lawyer Jang. - Yes?
Do you have the papers?
Yes, including the contract and files.
Business cards.
A full pack.
Just in case, I have one more.
That's enough.
If I taught her 1 thing, she picked up 3, 4 facts.
She was famous for being smart when she was this tall.
You have such a bright daughter.
- You must be proud. - Of course, I am.
Whenever I think of her,
I'm full even when I don't eat.
My lawyer daughter...
You have to take notes.
Lawyer Jang, can you take notes?
There are so many parcels.
Non-fulfillment of a contract, was it?
We're struggling and so are the workers.
They weren't paid.
Do you have the contract and proof of payment?
And certification of contents when you annulled the contract.
Mr. Kang, would you mind...
if I took a five-minute break?
(Ah Reum)
I'm really busy. Bye.
(Jin Jin)
Young Shim.
- Jin Jin. - Just a moment.
Why does he keep calling me?
Let's hang up.
Is something wrong?
Nothing's wrong. How are you feeling?
Did you see me?
What? Ms. Sa Jin Jin.
Oh no. I don't remember anything.
I only remember paying the taxi driver 8 dollars 70 cents.
You shouldn't drink so much without your manager around.
Why didn't you call me?
Did I say or do something weird?
You just...
fell asleep.
Where are you? Did you eat something?
I'm out in town to buy something.
I'll take these.
(Dad)
- Goodbye. - Goodbye.
(Jang Young Shim)
Hey, Young Shim.
Yes.
Hey, you must be busy right now.
But don't forget to eat.
Your body is your biggest asset.
- Staying healthy is the best. - Okay.
You too, Dad.
I bought some dried seaweed.
You should eat before you go.
- Bye, then. - Thanks.
Thanks for calling me.
Bye.
Lawyer Jang, you can go first. I still have work left.
Do you have a long way to go?
It's okay. You can go.
Then I'll get going for today.
Sure.
Goodness, what a long day!
Gosh, I'm sorry.
Hey!
That's amazing. How did you know I didn't have an umbrella?
My gut told me.
Your room lights were off, so I felt like coming out to meet you.
You guys used to come often when I was studying for the bar exam.
Exactly. You should always carry an umbrella. You're too much work.
I have good news.
- What? - What is it?
My dad got a job.
He's working in some building near Yangjae Station.
Wow, that's great. Congratulations.
This is great, right?
Of course, people live up to 100 nowadays, and he's still young.
It's great to have work.
Wow, we have so many great news today.
What else?
- Jin Jin bought us bags. - Bags?
- Mine too? - Don't you want it?
No, I do. I love it.
Jin Jin.
- Get us some coats too. - What do you mean?
You show off your body in summer, and you show off coats in winter.
I'm too scared to face the winter.
I'll get you two coats.
- What? - Really?
Yes. But give me three years.
Really?
Five years.
Come on, Young Shim.
I missed you
I want to hear you
I want to run
I want to see you
- Oh, gosh! - No way!
- Run! - Oh my goodness!
- I'm going on a diet. - What?
You don't have any weight to lose.
I think I might get fired.
It's a wonder you haven't been fired yet.
You can starve yourself, take medications, or herbal tonic.
Lose some weight no matter what.
I had the dried seaweed.
I gave the bread to your mom yesterday.
(Soy milk)
Thanks, Dad.
Goodbye.
Mom and Dad. Hurry up, and come.
Okay.
- Ji Won, will you be okay? - Why?
What if Jin Jin jumps on you?
Goodness. Stop saying stupid things.
I'm just concerned.
Don't you think we're concerned to leave them here?
Get along well, and don't forget to eat.
Don't worry.
Mr. Sa, take this. You can grab a meal together.
- Forget it. - But still...
Mom, eat something delicious.
- Thanks, Ji Won. - Have fun.
Okay.
- You don't have to come out. - Okay.
- Goodbye. - Have fun.
(We thank Jeong Ji Yeong, Ji Yun Ho, and Park Eun Ji for appearing.)
(Children of 20th Century)
I have a present.
A present is only meaningful when the receiver is happy.
If you're happy, I'm glad no matter what it is.
What about me? Do you have any questions for me?
Jin Jin's death day? Will that brat die today?
Jin Jin, open your eyes.
Where's Sa Jin Jin? I'm her guardian.
Anthony is doing a fan signing event at a market in Hangeum-dong.
If any Candies are around, hurry up, and come.
You like Anthony as a man.
Let's eat dinner. Just the two of us.